Hey, he got sick suddenly this time.
Fortunately, it was delivered in time.
Otherwise it's dangerous
Pay more attention later
Ok thanks doctor
Cher don't hug me
Cher, this happened as soon as Cher got home
It must be different
Just leave her alone
Sister Wei
Where are you?
I was so scared that you would move to the hospital.
Come over here
How did you become like this?
I don't know.
You said I had a congenital heart condition
Sister, did you say
And the daughter in the play is a little bit young.
Heart disease
I'm not going to have a heart attack. I'm going to die.
Don't worry
I remember in the skit
The daughter didn't have a heart attack at all
It won't be because we changed something.
So even the plot changes.